hey youtube I wanted to make a quick
video about my youth with the Herbalife
skin line I have always really struggled
with acne all over my body not just my
face but like my neck my back just my
arms it was just disgusting
and I've tried everything I've tried
Proactiv I've tried everything
over-the-counter I've gone to get
facials and nothing ever really works
for me and it either over dried my skin
which created more acne or it made me
really oily throughout the day and I
like I just looked disgusting
I started my Herbalife skin regimen
about let's say about a month ago and I
loved it
oh my god it is amazing my skin feels
good
I I'm wearing makeup right now but I'm
not afraid to go outside without makeup
anymore which II that has been a
struggle for me for a very long time I
was always like the one that had to put
on at least powder or foundation or
something I really really really think
everyone who struggles with acne should
at least give it a try because if you're
anything like me you are so tired of
having acne and you're ready to find a
product that actually works so I would
suggest getting on your Herbalife skin
is like natural glow going about me
right now and I kind of love it it's all
natural it's affordable and it's amazing
go try it hit me up I'm on Instagram at
Herbalife mermaid underscore do it
underscore 24 I'll put that in the
comment section below or you can find me
on Facebook I will see you guys for the
next video love you